The rohu is a large, silver-colored fish of typical cyprinid shape, with a conspicuously arched head. Adults can reach a maximum weight of 45 kg (99 lb) and maximum length of 2 m (6.6 ft) but average around 1⁄2 m (1.6 ft).
Catla is a fish with large and broad head, a large protruding lower jaw, and upturned mouth. It has large, greyish scales on its dorsal side and whitish on its belly. It reaches up to 182 cm (6.0 ft) in length and 38.6 kg (85 lb) in weight.
The fish is marine; freshwater; brackish; pelagic-neritic; anadromous; depth range? - 200 m. Within a tropical range; 34°N - 5°N, 42°E - 97°E in marine and freshwater. It can grow up to 60 cm in length with weights of up to 3 kg.
Pomfrets are perciform fish belonging to the family Bramidae. The family currently includes 20 species across seven genera.[2] Several species are important food sources for humans, especially Brama brama in South Asia
The body of the Indian mackerel is moderately deep, and the head is longer than the body depth. The maxilla are partly concealed, covered by the lacrimal bone, but extend till around the hind margin of the eye. Indian mackerel reach a maximum fork length of 35 centimetres (14 in), but are generally around 25 centimetres (9.8 in) in length.
The king mackerel is a medium-sized fish, typically encountered from 5 kg (11 lb) to 14 kg (30 lb), but is known to exceed 40 kg (90 lb). The entire body is covered with very small, hardly visible, loosely attached scales.
Tilapia are unable to survive in temperate climates because they require warm water. The pure strain of the blue tilapia, Oreochromis aureus, has the greatest cold tolerance and dies at 7 °C (45 °F), while all other species of tilapia die at a range of 11 to 17 °C (52 to 62 °F).
grass carp are resident fish of large turbid rivers and associated floodplain lakes/wetlands with a wide range of temperature tolerance, and spawn at temperatures of 20 to 30 °C (68 to 86 °F).
The Pearl spot, Etroplus suratensis commonly known as “Karimeen” in Kerala is an indigenous fish extensively found along the east and south-west coasts of Peninsular India. It is an important candidate species for aquaculture in ponds in both brackishwater and freshwater environments. It is cultured in traditional ponds in Kerala where it is considered a delicacy fetching a high price up to Rs. 150/ kg. Though growth is slow, at a high stocking density table-size fish can be harvested in 9-12 months culture period.
catfish range in size and behavior from the three largest species alive, the Mekong giant catfish from Southeast Asia, the wels catfish of Eurasia, and the piraíba of South America, to detritivores (species that eat dead material on the bottom),
Indian salmon has two dorsal fins; the first has 9 spines and the second has 13–15 soft rays, with 13 being the mean. The anal fin has 3 spines and 14–19 soft rays. The pectoral fins have 16–18 rays, and there are 4 pectoral filaments.
dian carp or Indian major carp is a common name for several species of fish Catla catla or catla. It is an economically important South Asian freshwater fish of the carp .Cirrhinus cirrhosus or mrigal, a ray-finned fish of the carp family native to rivers in India.Labeo rohita, the rohu (rui), a fish of the carp family found in rivers in South Asia
butter catfish, is a species of sheatfishes native to Asian countries such as Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka, but recently identified in Myanmar. It also indetified in Mekong Basin of Vietnam
Basa (Pangasius bocourti) is a species of catfish in the family Pangasiidae. Basa are native to the Mekong and Chao Phraya basins in Mainland Southeast Asia. These fish are important as food source, also on the international market.
The Malabar trevally has the typical body profile of a jack, with a strongly compressed body almost ovate in shape with long dorsal and anal fins. The top of the head is strongly elevated to nape, and almost straight. The gill rakers number eight to 12 on the upper limb and 21 to 27 on the lower limb of the first gill arch.[6] The species has 24 vertebrae, 10 upper and 14 lower.
Their appearance is of deep-bodied fishes, exhibiting strong lateral compression, with a rounded face and pronounced curve to the anterior portion of their dorsal profile.  Their dorsal and anal fins are typically sickle-shaped, with very long anterior rays and a succession of much shorter rays behind, with a similarly long & curved, deeply forked tail which has a narrow base. They are toothless and are relatively large fish, up to about 1.2 m (3.9 ft) long,
has a large head and a wide mouth. The eyes are large and can be seen from below the fish. There is a dorsal fin with a hard spine as well as an adipose fin. There are four pairs of barbels, one nasal, one maxillary (sides of the mouth), and two mandibular (chin).The body is yellowish with black shoulder spot surrounded by a lighter outline.This fish can reach a length of 45 centimetres (18 in) TL.